locality routing doc (#1309)
solo-io/gloo-mesh: docs/content/guides/locality_routing.md

Now we will create the VirtualDestination for the `reviews` service, composed of the reviews service on the `mgmt-cluster` cluster  and on `remote-cluster`. If the `reviews` service on the local cluster is unhealthy, requests will automatically be routed to the reviews service on the remote cluster.

 Apply the following config to the `mgmt-cluster` cluster:
 
```yaml
kubectl apply -f - << EOF
apiVersion: networking.enterprise.mesh.gloo.solo.io/v1beta1
kind: VirtualDestination
metadata:
  name: bookinfo-global
  namespace: gloo-mesh
spec:
  hostname: reviews.global
  port:
    number: 9080
    protocol: http
  localized:
    outlierDetection:
      consecutiveErrors: 1
      maxEejectionPercent: 100
      interval: 5s
      baseEjectionTime: 120s
    destinationSelectors:
    - kubeServiceMatcher:
        labels:
          app: reviews
  virtualMesh:
    name: bookinfo-federation
    namespace: bookinfo
EOF
```

{{% notice note %}}
For demonstration purposes, we're setting `consecutiveErrors` to 1 and `maxEjectionPercent` to 100 to more easily trigger the failover. However, these should most likely not be used in production scenarios.
{{% /notice %}}

> The `virtualMesh` field indicates the control planes that the VirtualDestination is visible to. It will be visible to all meshes in the `VirtualMesh`. A list of meshes can optionally be supplied here as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `virtualMesh` field indicates the control planes that the VirtualDestination is visible to. It will be visible to all meshes in the `VirtualMesh`. Alternatively, a list of meshes can be supplied here instead. 
```
(to make it clear they can't provide both meshes and virtual mesh)
